okay I don't think likes playing on
multi-core more uh chunk loading with
multi-core something wrong with the
textures
yikes
I just noticed this when I downloaded
Optifine and then I started playing with
the multi-core chunk loading I also
notice this in blender when I put it on
GLSL and I have huge meshes that uses a
lot of textures
mhm
let's see
let's try this without multicore chuckle
oh game
I don't see which it is so far what in
the world move and that's how that has
nothing to do with us hmm
must be because of the multi-core
chuckling oh well now something strange
I found I'll direct you to redirect you
to another video that shows the same
thing but I'm wonder and yeah so I